Harry potter has five weak wands and five wands. One hundred and twenty-two of them are added. What is the total now?
 there are draco that has 28 sleeping potion, 13 of them disappear. How many things are left?
There is voldemort that has 5 potion. If  voldemort is divided into 22. How many things are left?
Ron has forty-four healing potions and seventy-eight magic potions. What is the total now?
There is wizard that has 85 pheonix wand. If  pheonix wand is divided into 18. seventy-seven of them are added. What is the total now?
There is dumbledore that has seventy-eight little chocolate frogs. If  little chocolate frogs is divided into nine. And from that amount he removes sixty from the total how many things are left?
There is wizard that has eighty-eight healing potion, twelve of them disappear., how many potion are left?
Voldemort has fifty-five white owls and fifty-five cats., what is the total now?
There is wizard that has five cats, five of them disappear., how many animal are left?
There is ron that has five hate potion. If we add five times the same quantity to ron, what is the total now?
There is hagrid that has nine magic animal, seven of them disappear., how many animals are left?
Hermione has nine dragon wands and six weak wands., what is the total now?
Hagrid has nine pheonix wands and six wands., what is the total now?
Hermione has nine cats and six old rats., what is the total now?
Hagrid has nine old rats and six magic animal., what is the total now?
Hagrid has nine magic potions and six potions., what is the total now?
Ron has nine white owls and six little chocolate frog., what is the total now?
Wizard has nine white owls and six little chocolate frog., what is the total now?
Voldemort has two hate potions and three sleeping potions., what is the total now?
Voldemort has three little chocolate frog and two magic animal., what is the total now?
There is voldemort that has two hundred and twenty-two magic animal, three of them disappear., how many animals are left?
There is hagrid that has two hundred and twenty-two pheonix wands, three of them disappear., how many wands are left?
There is hermione that has two hundred and twenty-two magic potions, three of them disappear., how many potions are left?
There is dumbledore that has sixty-six wands, three of them disappear., how many wands are left?
There is ron that has sixty-six old rats, three of them disappear., how many animals are left?
There is hermione that has sixty-six white owls, three of them disappear., how many animals are left?
Dumbledore has three old rats and five little chocolate frog., what is the total now?
Harry potter has three wands and five dragon wands., what is the total now?
Dumbledore has three magic animal and five white owls., what is the total now?
Dumbledore has five old broomsticks and five new broomsticks., what is the total now?
Draco has five little chocolate frog and five magic animal., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five powerful wands and five weak wands., what is the total now?
Dumbledore has five pheonix wands and five powerful wands., what is the total now?
Hagrid has five magic animal and five little chocolate frog., what is the total now?
Hagrid has five performant broomsticks and five old broomsticks., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five weak wands and five powerful wands., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five magic animal and five old rats., what is the total now?
Hagrid has five love potions and three potions., what is the total now?
Hermione has five broom sticks and three new broomsticks., what is the total now?
Dumbledore has five pheonix wands and five powerful wands., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five love potions and five hate potions., what is the total now?
Hagrid has five old rats and five cats., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five powerful wands and five wands., what is the total now?
Hermione has five wands and five powerful wands., what is the total now?
Harry potter has five powerful wands and five wands., what is the total now?
Dumbledore has five wands and five dragon wands., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five performant broomsticks and five new broomsticks., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five new broomsticks and five broom sticks., what is the total now?
Harry potter has five old rats and five magic animal., what is the total now?
Ron has five broom sticks and five performant broomsticks., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five healing potions and five potions., what is the total now?
Ron has five performant broomsticks and five broom sticks., what is the total now?
Hagrid has five magic potions and five healing potions., what is the total now?
Harry potter has five cats and five white owls., what is the total now?
Hermione has five healing potions and five sleeping potions., what is the total now?
Draco has five love potions and five hate potions., what is the total now?
Draco has five dragon wands and five wands., what is the total now?
Harry potter has five broom sticks and five old broomsticks., what is the total now?
Wizard has five old rats and five white owls., what is the total now?
Wizard has five broom sticks and five old broomsticks., what is the total now?
Dumbledore has five pheonix wands and fifty-two weak wands., what is the total now?
Wizard has five little chocolate frog and fifty-two cats., what is the total now?
Voldemort has five wands and fifty-two pheonix wands., what is the total now?
Ron has five dragon wands and fifty-two powerful wands., what is the total now?
Draco has five performant broomsticks and fifty-two old broomsticks., what is the total now?
Ron has five magic animal and fifty-two white owls., what is the total now?
Hermione has five wands and fifty-two dragon wands., what is the total now?
Wizard has five dragon wands and five pheonix wands., what is the total now?
Ron has five broom sticks and five performant broomsticks. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five pheonix wands and five weak wands. What is the total now?
Hermione has five love potions and five hate potions. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five performant broomsticks and five broom sticks. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five sleeping potions and five healing potions. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five potions and five magic potions. What is the total now?
Voldemort has five love potions and five hate potions. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five love potions and five sleeping potions. What is the total now?
Draco has five powerful wands and five pheonix wands. What is the total now?
Wizard has five hate potions and five potions. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five hate potions and five potions. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five love potions and five sleeping potions. What is the total now?
Ron has five magic potions and five love potions. What is the total now?
Wizard has five magic potions and five love potions. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five white owls and five old rats. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five magic animal and five old rats. What is the total now?
Hermione has five new broomsticks and five performant broomsticks. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five broom sticks and five new broomsticks. What is the total now?
Draco has five potions and five healing potions. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five wands and five dragon wands. What is the total now?
Wizard has five sleeping potions and five love potions. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five pheonix wands and five wands. What is the total now?
Hermione has five weak wands and five dragon wands. What is the total now?
Wizard has five love potions and five healing potions. What is the total now?
Voldemort has five broom sticks and five performant broomsticks. What is the total now?
There is wizard that has six sleeping potions, three of them disappear. How many potions are left?
There is wizard that has six new broomsticks, three of them disappear. How many sticks are left?
There is ron that has six white owls, three of them disappear. How many animals are left?
There is hagrid that has six weak wands, three of them disappear. Six of them are added. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has seven broom sticks and three new broomsticks. What is the total now?
There is voldemort that has fifty dragon wands, six of them disappear. How many wands are left?
There is harry potter that has five white owl. If  white owl is divided into five. How many animals are left?
Wizard has five new broomsticks and five performant broomsticks. What is the total now?
There is ron that has five hundred and fifty-five hate potion. If we add one times the same quantity to ron five of them are added. What is the total now?
Wizard has five dragon wands and five powerful wands. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five little chocolate frog and five white owls. And from that amount he removes three from the total how many animals are left?
Voldemort has thirty-three performant broomsticks and five new broomsticks. And from that amount he removes zero from the total how many sticks are left?
There is dumbledore that has two hundred and twenty-two old rats, thirty-five of them disappear. How many animals are left?
Wizard has forty-four hate potions and ten healing potions. Three of them are added. What is the total now?
Draco has five little chocolate frog and five white owls. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five powerful wands and five weak wands. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five broom sticks and five new broomsticks. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five potions and five love potions. What is the total now?
Hermione has five old broomsticks and five new broomsticks. What is the total now?
Hermione has five love potions and five magic potions. What is the total now?
Voldemort has five dragon wands and five pheonix wands. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five performant broomsticks and five broom sticks. What is the total now?
Hermione has five broom sticks and five performant broomsticks. What is the total now?
Voldemort has five cats and five old rats. What is the total now?
Wizard has five love potions and five hate potions. What is the total now?
Draco has five pheonix wands and five weak wands. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five dragon wands and five pheonix wands. What is the total now?
Draco has five white owls and five old rats. What is the total now?
Ron has five cats and five old rats. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five dragon wands and five weak wands. Five of them are added. What is the total now?
Voldemort has five cats and five white owls. And from that amount he removes three from the total how many animals are left?
Harry potter has five dragon wands and five weak wands. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five broom sticks and five old broomsticks. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five wands and five pheonix wands.harry potter has five wands and five pheonix wands. What is the total now?
Ron has five sleeping potions and five magic potions.ron has five sleeping potions and five magic potions. What is the total now?
Hagrid has five little chocolate frog and five white owls.hagrid has five little chocolate frog and five white owls. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five old broomsticks and five new broomsticks.harry potter has five old broomsticks and five new broomsticks. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five old rats and five white owls.dumbledore has five old rats and five white owls. What is the total now?
Harry potter has four new broomsticks and four old broomsticks. And from that amount he removes five from the total ten of them are added. What is the total now?
Hermione has four weak wands and four wands. And from that amount he removes five from the total ten of them are added. There is hermione that has two weak wand. If we add two times the same quantity to hermione and now, it multiplies all by ten what is the total now?
There is dumbledore that has two weak wand. If we add two times the same quantity to dumbledore and now, it multiplies all by ten how many wands are left?
Wizard has two new broomsticks and two old broomsticks. And now, it multiplies all by four how many sticks are left?
There is dumbledore that has two white owl. If  white owl is divided into four. Two of them are added. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five dragon wands and five weak wands.harry potter has ten dragon wands and thirteen weak wands. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five cats and five magic animal.dumbledore has ten cats and thirteen magic animal. What is the total now?
Harry potter has five healing potions and five hate potions.harry potter has ten healing potions and thirteen hate potions. What is the total now?
If five performant broomsticks are added to five broom sticks by harry potter has, what is the total now?
Harry potter has five powerful wands and five weak wands. What is the total now?
If five weak wands are added to five pheonix wands what is the total now?
If five wands are added to five weak wands what is the total now?
Harry potter has five sleeping potions and five hate potions. How many do we have now?
Harry potter has five broom sticks and five old broomsticks. How many do we have now?
Harry potter has five dragon wands and five wands. What is the total now?
Dumbledore has five magic animal and five cats. What is the total now?
Draco has five dragon wands and five pheonix wands. What is the total now?
If five cats are added to five white owls what is the total now?
Hagrid has five old broomsticks and five performant broomsticks. How many do we have now?
If five hate potions are added to five sleeping potions what is the total now?
From five cats someone decides to remove five. How many animals are left?
From five broom sticks someone decides to remove five. And from that amount ten is removed from the total this being given, what is the left number?
From five magic animal someone decides to remove five. And from that amount ten is removed from the total this being given, what is the left number?
There is voldemorts that has five old broomsticks, but five of them disappear. This being given, what is the left number?
There is harry potter that has five potions, but five of them disappear. This being given, what is the left number?
Wizard has five broom sticks and five old broomsticks. How many do we have now?
Wizard has five broom sticks and five old broomsticks. How many do we have now?
If five weak wands are added to five dragon wands five of them are added. What is the total now?
From five magic potions someone decides to remove five. This being given, what is the left number?
There is harry potter that has five cats. If we add five times the same quantity to harry potter what is the total now?
We have five hate potions, but we are told that we have to divide all by five this being given, what is the left number?
We have five old broomsticks, but we are told that we have to divide all by five after, we multiply all by five this being given, what is the left number?
We have five little chocolate frog, but we are told that we have to divide all by five after, we multiply all by five how many do we have now?
If five cats are added to five magic animal what is the total now?
Hagrid has five magic animal and five old rats. What is the total now?
If five potions are added to five love potions five of them are added. What is the total now?
Wizard has five performant broomsticks and five new broomsticks. Five of them are added. How many do we have now?
Ron has five healing potions and five potions. What is the total now?
From five new broomsticks someone decides to remove five. This being given, what is the left number?
Wizard has five cats and five white owls. And from that amount five is removed from the total this being given, what is the left number?
Being given five pheonix wands, someone decides to multiply this by five how many do we have now?
There is hagrid that has five broom sticks. If we add five times the same quantity to hagridto those broom sticks, we add five more what is the total now?
We have fifty-five old broomsticks, but we are told that we have to divide all by five how many sticks are left?
There is ron that has fifty-five broom sticks. Broom sticks is divided by five. After, we multiply all by five this being given, what is the left number?
We have fifty-five wands, but we are told that we have to divide all by five after, we multiply all by five what is the total now?
There is wizard that has fifty-five broom sticks. Broom sticks is divided by five. After, we multiply all by five how many do we have now?
We have fifty-five old broomsticks, but we are told that we have to divide all by fiveif we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
There is hermione that has fifty-five weak wands. Weak wands is divided by five.if we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
Being given five love potions, someone decides to multiply this by five five of them are added. What is the total now?
We have fifty-five hate potions, but we are told that we have to divide all by fiveif we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
There is harry potter that has fifty-five magic potions. Magic potions is divided by five. After, we multiply all by five how many do we have now?
We have fifty-five white owls, but we are told that we have to divide all by fiveif we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
There is wizard that has fifty-five little chocolate frog. Little chocolate frog is divided by five.if we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
There is hagrid that has fifty-five potions. Potions is divided by five.if we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
From five pheonix wands someone decides to remove five. This being given, what is the left number?
We have fifty-five cats, but we are told that we have to divide all by fiveif we add five times the same amount what is the total now?
There is hagrid that has fifty-five pheonix wands. Pheonix wands is divided by five. After, we multiply all by five what is the total now?
There is hagrid that has five weak wands, but five of them disappear. How many wands are left?
We have fifty-five healing potions, but we are told that we have to divide all by fiveif we add five times the same amount how many do we have now?
We have fifty-five love potions, but we are told that we have to divide all by five after, we multiply all by five what is the total now?
Voldemort has five old broomsticks and five performant broomsticks. How many do we have now?
Wizard has five new broomsticks and five old broomsticks. What is the total now?
There is wizard that has fifty-five potions. If we add three times the same quantity to wizard five of them are added. What is the total now?
There is hermione that has fifty-five little chocolate frog. If we add three times the same quantity to hermione five of them are added. What is the total now?
Being given fifty-five old rats, someone decides to multiply this by fifty-five five of them are added. How many do we have now?
Being given fifty-five broom sticks, someone decides to multiply this by fifty-fiveto those broom sticks, we add five more how many do we have now?
There is draco that has fifty-five little chocolate frog. If we add three times the same quantity to dracoto those little chocolate frog, we add five more how many do we have now?
There is ron that has fifty-five love potions. If we add three times the same quantity to ron five of them are added. How many do we have now?
There is hermione that has fifty-five sleeping potions. If we add three times the same quantity to hermione five of them are added. What is the total now?
There is ron that has fifty-five weak wands. If we add three times the same quantity to ron five of them are added. What is the total now?
There is voldemort that has fifty-five old broomsticks. If we add three times the same quantity to voldemort five of them are added. What is the total now?
Being given fifty-five old broomsticks, someone decides to multiply this by fifty-fiveto those old broomsticks, we add five more what is the total now?
There is ron that has fifty-five weak wands. If we add three times the same quantity to ronto those weak wands, we add five more how many do we have now?
There is hermione that has fifty-five powerful wands. If we add three times the same quantity to hermione five of them are added. How many do we have now?
Being given fifty-five old rats, someone decides to multiply this by fifty-fiveto those old rats, we add five more how many do we have now?
There is voldemort that has fifty-five dragon wands. If we add three times the same quantity to voldemortto those dragon wands, we add five more how many do we have now?
There is wizard that has fifty-five magic animal. If we add three times the same quantity to wizardto those magic animal, we add five more what is the total now?
There is hermione that has fifty-five weak wands. If we add three times the same quantity to hermione five of them are added. What is the total now?
Being given fifty-five cats, someone decides to multiply this by fifty-five five of them are added. What is the total now?
